[model0]
#JC
#number of free parameters: 0
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a a a a a a)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#JC+G
#number of free parameters: 1
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a a a a a a)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#JC+I
#number of free parameters: 1
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a a a a a a)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#JC+I+G
#number of free parameters: 2
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a a a a a a)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#F81
#number of free parameters: 3
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a a a a a a)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#F81+G
#number of free parameters: 4
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a a a a a a)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#F81+I
#number of free parameters: 4
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a a a a a a)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#F81+I+G
#number of free parameters: 5
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a a a a a a)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#K80
#number of free parameters: 1
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a a b a)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#K80+G
#number of free parameters: 2
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a a b a)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#K80+I
#number of free parameters: 2
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a a b a)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#K80+I+G
#number of free parameters: 3
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a a b a)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#HKY
#number of free parameters: 4
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a a b a)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#HKY+G
#number of free parameters: 5
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a a b a)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#HKY+I
#number of free parameters: 5
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a a b a)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#HKY+I+G
#number of free parameters: 6
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a a b a)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TrNef
#number of free parameters: 2
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a a c a)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TrNef+G
#number of free parameters: 3
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a a c a)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TrNef+I
#number of free parameters: 3
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a a c a)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TrNef+I+G
#number of free parameters: 4
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a a c a)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TrN
#number of free parameters: 5
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a a c a)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TrN+G
#number of free parameters: 6
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a a c a)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TrN+I
#number of free parameters: 6
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a a c a)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TrN+I+G
#number of free parameters: 7
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a a c a)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TPM1
#number of free parameters: 2
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c c b a)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TPM1+G
#number of free parameters: 3
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c c b a)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TPM1+I
#number of free parameters: 3
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c c b a)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TPM1+I+G
#number of free parameters: 4
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c c b a)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TPM1uf
#number of free parameters: 5
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c c b a)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TPM1uf+G
#number of free parameters: 6
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c c b a)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TPM1uf+I
#number of free parameters: 6
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c c b a)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TPM1uf+I+G
#number of free parameters: 7
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c c b a)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TPM2
#number of free parameters: 2
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a c b c)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TPM2+G
#number of free parameters: 3
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a c b c)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TPM2+I
#number of free parameters: 3
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a c b c)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TPM2+I+G
#number of free parameters: 4
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a c b c)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TPM2uf
#number of free parameters: 5
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a c b c)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TPM2uf+G
#number of free parameters: 6
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a c b c)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TPM2uf+I
#number of free parameters: 6
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a c b c)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TPM2uf+I+G
#number of free parameters: 7
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a c b c)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TPM3
#number of free parameters: 2
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c a b c)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TPM3+G
#number of free parameters: 3
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c a b c)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TPM3+I
#number of free parameters: 3
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c a b c)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TPM3+I+G
#number of free parameters: 4
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c a b c)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TPM3uf
#number of free parameters: 5
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c a b c)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TPM3uf+G
#number of free parameters: 6
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c a b c)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TPM3uf+I
#number of free parameters: 6
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c a b c)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TPM3uf+I+G
#number of free parameters: 7
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c a b c)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TIM1ef
#number of free parameters: 3
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c c d a)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TIM1ef+G
#number of free parameters: 4
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c c d a)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TIM1ef+I
#number of free parameters: 4
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c c d a)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TIM1ef+I+G
#number of free parameters: 5
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c c d a)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TIM1
#number of free parameters: 6
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c c d a)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TIM1+G
#number of free parameters: 7
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c c d a)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TIM1+I
#number of free parameters: 7
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c c d a)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TIM1+I+G
#number of free parameters: 8
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c c d a)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TIM2ef
#number of free parameters: 3
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a c d c)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TIM2ef+G
#number of free parameters: 4
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a c d c)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TIM2ef+I
#number of free parameters: 4
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a c d c)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TIM2ef+I+G
#number of free parameters: 5
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a c d c)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TIM2
#number of free parameters: 6
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a c d c)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TIM2+G
#number of free parameters: 7
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a c d c)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TIM2+I
#number of free parameters: 7
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a c d c)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TIM2+I+G
#number of free parameters: 8
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b a c d c)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TIM3ef
#number of free parameters: 3
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c a d c)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TIM3ef+G
#number of free parameters: 4
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c a d c)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TIM3ef+I
#number of free parameters: 4
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c a d c)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TIM3ef+I+G
#number of free parameters: 5
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c a d c)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TIM3
#number of free parameters: 6
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c a d c)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TIM3+G
#number of free parameters: 7
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c a d c)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TIM3+I
#number of free parameters: 7
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c a d c)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TIM3+I+G
#number of free parameters: 8
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c a d c)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TVMef
#number of free parameters: 4
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c d b e)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TVMef+G
#number of free parameters: 5
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c d b e)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TVMef+I
#number of free parameters: 5
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c d b e)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TVMef+I+G
#number of free parameters: 6
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c d b e)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TVM
#number of free parameters: 7
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c d b e)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TVM+G
#number of free parameters: 8
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c d b e)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#TVM+I
#number of free parameters: 8
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c d b e)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#TVM+I+G
#number of free parameters: 9
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c d b e)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#SYM
#number of free parameters: 5
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c d e f)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#SYM+G
#number of free parameters: 6
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c d e f)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#SYM+I
#number of free parameters: 6
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c d e f)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#SYM+I+G
#number of free parameters: 7
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c d e f)
statefrequencies = equal
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#GTR
#number of free parameters: 8
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c d e f)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#GTR+G
#number of free parameters: 9
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c d e f)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = none


[model0]
#GTR+I
#number of free parameters: 9
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c d e f)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = none
numratecats = 1
invariantsites = estimate


[model0]
#GTR+I+G
#number of free parameters: 10
datatype = nucleotide
ratematrix = (a b c d e f)
statefrequencies = estimate
ratehetmodel = gamma
numratecats = 4
invariantsites = estimate


